two main arguments I had almost my
entire career which has been if I had
enough time and I had enough money I
could build a perfect product right
what agents has done for me it has
collapsed
to both of those at the same time and
this is another big thought here right
agents are collapsing the entirety of
time into from what took days down to
minutes that's a huge collapse apps.
Okay, as soon as you reduce time, you
immediately reduce spend on how long it
takes you to get anything done. So,
that's another major concept. And then
on top of that, I'm switching out my
time and saving a lot of money on that
end to spend what, $200 a month on a
Claude Max subscription. pays for itself
in the first day you have